Document .NET Aspire support (#6844)
Particular/docs.particular.net: shape-the-future/aspire.md

---

> title: NServiceBus and Aspire
> summary: How to use NServiceBus with Aspire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: NServiceBus and .NET Aspire
summary: How to use NServiceBus with .NET Aspire
```

reviewed: 2024-09-16
---

[.NET Aspire](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/aspire/get-started/aspire-overview) is an opinionated, cloud-ready stack for building observable, production ready, distributed applications.​

NServiceBus endpoints can run under an Aspire AppHost orchestrator, we have [a sample that shows you how it all works](/samples/hosting/aspire/).

> If you are using NServiceBus with .NET Aspire today, [tell us what's missing](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus/issues/6941).

Reviewer: We should update the issue to include the leading questions:
- Do you use https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/aspire/deployment/manifest-format
- Are you currently using Aspire, if so is it just for development or also for production deployments
- What other Aspire integrations are you using
- Do you use health checks - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/aspire/fundamentals/health-checks
- Do you use telemetry

---
title: NServiceBus and Aspire
summary: How to use NServiceBus with Aspire
reviewed: 2024-09-16
---

> [.NET Aspire](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/aspire/get-started/aspire-overview) is an opinionated, cloud ready stack for building observable, production ready, distributed applications.​

Author: ```suggestion
[.NET Aspire](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/aspire/get-started/aspire-overview) is an opinionated, cloud-ready stack for building observable, production ready, distributed applications.​
```

> NServiceBus endpoints can run under an Aspire AppHost orchestrator, we have a sample that shows you how it all works.

Author: Needs a link

> NServiceBus endpoints can run under an Aspire AppHost orchestrator, we have a sample that shows you how it all works.

Author: ```suggestion
NServiceBus endpoints can run under an Aspire AppHost orchestrator, we have [a sample that shows you how it all works](/samples/hosting/aspire/).
```

> But I am sure we can do much more, and this is where you come in and tell us how would you like NServiceBus to be even more integrated with the .NET Aspire orchestrator framework.
> So if you have a spare moment to help us shape how NServiceBus should support Aspire, drop us a comment in [this](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus/issues/xxx) GitHub issue.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using NServiceBus with .NET Aspire today, [tell us what's missing](https://github.com/Particular/NServiceBus/issues/6941).
```
